Hello. Matthew Lucas, it's Pastry Week.
You excited?
Yes, I am excited
for I have here a shoe pastry.
I very much hope I don't get the laces
stuck in my teeth.
[Both] Welcome to
The Great British Baking Show.
[Noel] Now…
I just want to give it a little love
…the bakers tackle pastry.
I think you've invented
a new dance move here.
D'you think?
[Noel] As it's fried…
I feel like I'm having heart palpitations.
…folded…
Filo pastry, never made it in my life.
…and filled.
Can't tell what's sausage
and what's hands.
I'll be honest with you.
[Noel] Who'll perfect pastry…
[Amanda] Oh, it collapsed.
-God, I can't watch.
-I know, it's too stressful.
…and who has baked their last.
Have you seen this, here?
[opening theme playing]
[Giuseppe] This is week six,
the second half of the journey.
I'm performing much
better than I expected.
In fact, I had to keep buying shirts,
because I didn't bring enough with me.
[Lizzie] I've managed
to worm me way through
cause there's been loads of people.
Now it's getting less, it's harder.
I spoke to Lizzie:
"Come on, we cannot back down."
"We've got to do it for Freya, come on,
the women got to do it."
I think Amanda might be able
to pull it out of the bag.
I think Pasty Week's her week.
No one's giving up in there.
I'm certainly not giving up.
Hello, bakers. Welcome back to the tent.
It's Pastry Week.
It's time for your signature challenge.
Paul and Prue would like you each to make
two batches of decorated chouxnuts.
Did you know that Paul Hollywood
invented the chouxnut pouch.
He had some spare leather
and nowhere to put his nuts.
-You're thinking of the jockstrap.
-Oh, yeah.
Now your chouxnuts
need to be perfectly fried.
Six filled, six not filled.
[Matt] And either glazed or iced.
-You have two hours.
-On your marks…
Get set…
Ah, ah, ah, wait, Chigs.
Cause I haven't said it yet.
[all laughing]
Not my time you're wasting.
Bake!
A chouxnut
is much lighter than a doughnut.
It's almost like a fried eclair.
[George] I actually prefer
the chouxnuts to doughnuts.
Yeah, I like eating them.
I'm not a chouxnutter at all.
I mean, if I went to hell,
I feel like this is what my hell would be.
If you've never heard
of a chouxnut before.
Basically, it's choux pastry
piped into a doughnut shape, deep fried.
[Prue] We want two batches.
One of them has to have filling inside,
and one of them has to have a really
interesting icing or glaze.
[Paul] The chouxnuts
themselves are quite aerated.
You want that beautiful aeration
inside the chouxnuts.
Choux has to be exactly
the right consistency.
So, getting the paste right
is most important.
If it's too wet, it's going to sink.
-[Paul] Morning, Lizzie.
-[Lizzie] Morning.
-All right, Lizzie, chouxnuts.
-Ugh! The devil's doughnuts.
They have me shook already.
I'm, like, shaken.
What she's saying is
she's quite upset about it.
[all laughing]
So, tell us about your flavours.
So, I'm doing raspberry liqueur
and hibiscus for the filled one.
-Oh lovely.
-It sounds absolutely delicious.
[Matt] Lizzie's raspberry liqueur
and hibiscus-filled chouxnuts
will be paired with a caramel glazed
unfilled batch,
but she's more confident with
her flavours than with the fryer.
So why have you found this
to be a problem?
I just hate choux pastry.
And I just feel like the fryer's gonna
like hit me and I'm going to burn.
-Feels like you're in a chippy.
-The pressure's unbelievable.
Even my elbows are sweating.
[Paul] Your elbows are sweating.
Never heard that, sweaty elbows.
Good name for a punk band.
"The Sweaty Elbows."
It's going to be fine.
Well, hopefully.
[Matt]
Lizzie might be dreading the fryer,
but one baker couldn't be more excited.
Gorgeous, can you smell that frying oil?
Can't wait to make this. Yummy.
Okay, so one I'm doing
a classic sticky toffee.
I'm making a really easy toffee just
because of the time pressure in here.
And it's also all about my pastry today.
[Matt] George is keeping
his flavours simple,
with one toffee glazed choux batch
and another filled with jam and cream.
Today, he's focusing
on his flavours to impress Paul and Prue.
Tell us about the pastry.
Erm, I just wanted to get
a nice airy dough.
[Noel] Poker face.
Look at George's questioning eyes.
[laughing] "Was that okay?"
You're getting nothing.
You're not doing this to me, Paul.
[Noel] Perfect choux is light and airy.
Characterised by large holes
on the inside.
We fold air in and then
give it a really good mix.
[Noel] Egg is vital
to bind the ingredients,
helping it to puff up when fried.
This is the bit that can go wrong
the most out of the whole process.
Cause if you add too many eggs,
the batter becomes runny
and you will not be able to shape it.
[Noel] It's a fine line.
More egg means more liquid,
which could lead to chouxnuts
that are flat as a pancake.
You kind of have to do this by eye.
Erm, and obviously baking
is all about precision.
Should be able to pick it up and it…
drips into a V. Yeah. Done.
[Noel] But Chigs' dough isn't done.
I'm making a chocolate dough.
That one will be tougher
because of the cocoa powder.
So, I will add a bit more egg in.
I just need to be careful with it.
[Noel] His chocolate pastry
will form his unfilled chouxnut,
topped with a lime glaze.
But Chigs is the only baker
braving two different pastries.
His plain batch will be
filled with hazelnut praline,
evoking the French classic
the Paris-Brest.
Right, I'm gonna start making the pastry
for that Paris-Brest flavour.
-The what… Sorry?
-Paris-Brest.
-Paris bre… What?
-Yes, that's right.
Got breasts in it?
-[Chigs laughs]
-Too much with my head.
Bakers, you are halfway through.
Jürgen's stance.
Yes, action stance.
[Chigs] There's a lot to do.
Come on, come on.
[Matt] While Chigs races to finish
his second batch of pastry,
the rest of the bakers
have bagged theirs up…
Done. Right. Erm…
I'm just gonna make my glaze.
…and are pushing on
with their toppings and fillings.
Time for Italian alcohol. [laughs]
I thought it would have been
unacceptable for an Italian
to come on Bake Off
and not use Limoncello somewhere.
And this seemed to be
the right excuse to get some
in the ingredients list.
[Matt] Giuseppe's bringing
a taste of Italy to his chouxnuts,
with a filled batch packed
with Limoncello liqueur,
and the other topped
with Almond nougatine.
I'm making both batches
with standard flavours
I'm most familiar with.
You know, to play it safe and to go
with something that I knew already.
[Noel] But one baker who
isn't playing it safe is Crystelle.
[Crystelle] I wanted
something completely different.
So I've gone for miso caramel,
salty, sweet chouxnuts.
Hopefully it works. [chuckles]
This shouldn't taste of miso soup, I hope.
[Noel] A passion fruit, mango filled choux
will sit alongside another
glazed in a novel miso caramel.
[Prue] Tell me about the miso.
I feel like miso caramel is kind of like,
just a step up from salted caramel.
So, miso's quite umami.
You kind of get this
salty umami undertone.
[in pretentious accent] Lovely.
Umami undertone.
[Prue and Crystelle laughing]
[normally] No more middle class sentence
has ever been uttered.
That's not something you hear every day.
Right. Thanks, Noel.
[Noel] But Crystelle isn't the only baker
riding the sweet and savoury trend.
This one's going to be glazed
with maple syrup,
with some bacon on the top.
It's delicious!
[Noel] Amanda's planning to pair
her maple and bacon glazed chouxnuts
with another batch filled
with pistachio and rose.
[Matt] What sweet and savoury mixes
could we invent?
Jam and sausage.
[chuckling] Jam and sausage.
What about chocolate onion?
-Probably not.
-No.
Not liking the sound of that one.
-Sweet and savoury's a terrible idea.
-Yeah. Whose idea was that?
[Matt] When it comes
to weird and wonderful flavours,
Jürgen's pushing the boat
out even further.
This is ube extract
from a purple Philippine yam,
which has a vanilla-y,
quite unique flavour.
Also, the colour should be stunning.
[Matt] He's making a yuzu
and sake glazed choux,
to pair with his ube filled batch.
The bright colours mimicking pastries
he ate as a child in the '70s.
Well, that's an amazing colour.
On top of the purple colour,
the glaze will be orange as well.
-[chuckling]
-[Noel] I love it.
[Paul] All right, Jürgen, we look forward
to your '70s psychedelic delights.
[Noel] You've already won for me.
-That colour is so strong.
-[Jürgen chuckling]
[Chigs] I'm just trying to complete it
to make sure they're fried.
-Do you fry a lot?
-No, no.
-No?
-I don't own one of them at home.
No, I don't.
I own two. [chuckles]
[chuckling]
Bakers, you have half an hour.
No pressure. [chuckles]
I'm sure it'll be fine.
Just piping my choux dough
nicely and gently.
[Matt] Paul and Prue are expecting
uniform chouxnuts…
I'm making sure the shape
is as consistent as possible.
…fried to perfection.
[Lizzie] Fryers scare me.
I'm literally shaking.
-Lizzie?
-Yeah.
Don't worry. Have confidence.
[Chigs] Let's go. Let's go.
[Noel] Each fried chouxnut needs
to be crunchy on the outside.
Light and fluffy in the middle.
You don't know when chouxnuts are done.
No one knows.
I'm sure one of these knows.
[Giuseppe] They need
at least five minutes.
Otherwise they will then
collapse afterwards.
[Noel] Not only
is the frying time critical,
the oil temperature must also be correct.
I'm aiming for 175. Nice and hot.
Just want a little bit
of brown on the edge.
[Noel] Achieving the perfect chouxnut
is no mean feat
when the bakers still
have toppings to prepare.
Ridiculous. Still making the glaze
for the chocolate ones.
[Lizzie] So many elements.
I feel like I'm having heart palpitations.
Multitasking is a bit of a challenge.
Right.
Oh, look, I didn't start the bloody timer.
My last three, it's fine, it's fine.
I'll, I'll just…
Maybe I'll do two minutes.
These tongs are hot.
[exclaims]
-How do you open this thing?
-Mm?
Push it in.
Okay.
Bakers, you have 15 minutes left.
[Amanda, softly] Come on.
That's exactly
what I wanted to get.
Seems to be good golden colour.
[Crystelle] Shame about the light colour.
But never mind.
I can't even look at you,
you're making me sweat more.
-What, in the elbows?
-Yeah.
Maybe I've got issues.
[George] All right, filling.
[sing-song] You've got to pump it up.
[Matt] The filled chouxnuts must be
crammed full of cream.
[Jürgen] Crucial moment.
[Matt] But the more they inject,
the more chance of an explosion.
[Crystelle] Oh God,
it's all coming out. What?
[gasps]
Geez.
So this is the last filled chouxnut.
[George, softly] Why is so much
coming out? Oops.
[normally] Okay, passion juice
in the crinkly ball.
The crinkly ball,
the passion juice comes out.
-Yes. Quite nice. It is nice.
-I like that.
[Giuseppe] Limoncello. This is going
to be a very, very close call.
-[Chigs] How long we got left now?
-One minute left.
Oh, no! Oh, no!
Move on, rush at the end.
[Jürgen] They're nearly done.
-[Crystelle] Come on.
-No time to waste.
Bakers, your time is up.
Can you stop touching your nuts, please?
[Noel] George.
-Don't touch any of your nuts.
-I'm eating. I'm not touching.
Lizzie, will you try any of your nuts?
Absolutely not.
They are horrible.
[Crystelle] I think they're a bit soggy.
They're just underfried.
A rookie error in this competition,
just not setting the timer.
[Noel] The baker's chouxnuts,
will now face the judgment
of Paul and Prue.
-Hello, George.
-Hi, George.
Hiya.
You've got a nice, robust mixture,
which has given you that pop.
This is a toffee and hazelnut chouxnut.
These are not filled.
Mm.
Toffee-ish, really nutty.
Goes nicely
with a soft choux.
-[Paul] Delicious.
-Lovely.
[Paul] Let's have a look
at your filled one.
It's got a Chantilly cream
with raspberry jam rippled through.
You've given me an empty bit.
It's important you get the filling
right the way around.
Quite often, I need two holes
so that I can squirt.
-You squeeze the bag.
-Yeah.
When you meet that little bit
of resistance,
usually means it's full.
[all sniggering]
Why are you laughing?
We're just children.
-You're grown up--
-Sorry, Dame Prue.
Exactly. Stop this nonsense.
-Tell him it's lovely.
-I think that you do…
-Sorry.
-[sniggers]
I think when you do get the cream filling
and the jam, it's delicious.
Thank you.
The filled ones have
a ube crème pat.
[Prue] That ube colour
is just extraordinary, isn't it?
That slightly vanilla-y ube taste is…
unusual, but sort of vaguely familiar.
[Paul] I think the structure
on that is very good.
It's nice and open.
-[Prue] It's very light.
-It's so delicate, it's lovely. Okay.
[Jürgen] These are
the unfilled ones.
They have a yuzu and sake glaze.
It has that little bit of acidity
which yuzu gives it.
-They're both delicious.
-Thank you.
The filled ones,
they are Paris-Brest inspired.
I've got
praline cream in the middle.
Can't see the structure
'cause there's so much of the filling.
[Prue] I think Paris-Brest
should have lots of filling.
That's delicious. Mm.
[Chigs] This is
my chocolate lime chouxnut.
The cocoa, that's just enough
to marry with the lime.
It's unusual, but it does work.
-It's a nice chouxnut, that one.
-Thank you.
It's delicate.
So, those are the empty chouxnuts
with almond praline.
-[Paul] Good frying.
-[Prue] Colour's nice, isn't it?
Contrast of the praline crunch
and the softness of the choux
is just lovely.
[Paul] Okay. Let's have
a look at your filled one.
Crème pat and limoncello.
It's definitely crème pat
with limoncello.
There is too much limoncello,
and I can't resist another mouthful.
-Ah-hah.
-[Paul] Mm.
-[Paul] This is the miso caramel…
-[Crystelle] And white chocolate.
[Paul] It is exactly how you said,
it's umami.
It's got a… You know,
it has got that bitterness to it.
And the tropical passionfruit choux,
it's just beautiful.
-But the choux itself is very tight.
-Yeah.
It's not open enough.
It should be… [blows air]
You've lost a lot of the definition.
Do you think you lost
some of the definition in the frying?
Yeah.
-You need to give it a bit of a hit.
-Yeah.
-The choux's let you down a little bit.
-Okay. Thank you.
[Paul] Okay. The maple bacon.
It needs the bacon.
-Could have done with a tiny bit more.
-Yeah, that's a shame.
-Because I had so much left over.
-[Prue] Yeah.
[Paul] Let's have
a look at your filled one.
[Amanda] It's pistachio crème pat
with a rose glaze.
The, uh, rose,
it's like, um, artificial cordial.
-Too rosy and too sweet.
-Okay.
[exhales]
Quite attractive.
The frying colour looks good.
Mm.
-Hibiscus and what?
-Raspberry liqueur.
The hibiscus flavour's quite nice,
and so's the raspberry.
Overall, it's got a nice structure to it.
It's delicate.
And the toffee,
it's delicious as well.
I would buy these in a shop,
that's for sure.
Thank you. I've been in panic.
You're ruining my lifetime's theory
that you cannot cook if you don't love it.
-[Paul] Well done.
-[Prue] Anyway, well done.
-Well done.
-Ta. Ta.
[whispers] Feel so sick.
[chuckles] Well, it's tough.
Well done.
[Lizzie] That was me best
signature feedback.
I thought I was gonna, like, pass out
when they were speaking to me.
I just couldn't believe
what they were saying.
[Amanda] I don't think they were
overly enamoured with the rose flavour,
but that's okay.
You've got to try these things.
[Crystelle] My choux pastry wasn't
up to scratch, and it's Pastry Week.
I'll have to try and pull it
out of the bag in the technical.
I just need to tell myself
I have a functioning brain
and hopefully, my brain will function,
and I will do
a technical challenge successfully.
[Noel] The bakers were able
to practise their chouxnuts,
but have no idea what awaits them
in the technical challenge.
Bakers, welcome back to the tent
for your technical challenge,
which, today, has been
set by Holly Paulwood.
Holly, any words of advice?
This particular recipe
will push you to your limits.
Don't waste any time.
Thank you, Holly. And may I say,
[laughing]
you're looking gorgeous tonight.
Now, as ever, the technical challenge
will be judged blind.
So, we're gonna have to ask Holly
and Prue to leave the tent.
Off you pop.
The judges would love you to make
a large baklava with filo pastry.
-[laughing] No.
-Aw, man.
Your filo pastry should be made
using a traditional laminating technique
layered with
a pistachio and walnut filling,
and cut into a star design.
You have two hours and 45 minutes.
-On your marks…
-Get set…
Bake.
Oh, Jesus.
[Matt] Filo pastry
is notoriously complicated.
Filo pastry. I've never
made it in my life.
Who makes their own filo pastry? No one.
[Matt] This is the first time ever
the bakers have been asked
to make it for a technical challenge.
[Amanda] I've never
attempted filo or baklava.
I really wish that I had spent more time
in the kitchen with my Greek grandmother.
Let's just be confident,
it's in my DNA.
[Amanda] You thought, you've got
two Greeks in the tent.
"They're bound to know how to make it."
Paul, I think this must be the most
difficult technical I've ever seen.
-[Paul] Yeah.
-Baklava.
[Paul] The hardest part is the lamination.
Above all,
you've got to get that flake.
There's three layers,
and then, you have the nut layer,
and then three layers again.
You've got to make your dough
and divide it into six.
Three for the bottom, three for the top.
Then fold it, fold it, fold it, fold it.
You've gotta do that six times, times six.
So, there's a lot of layers
-by the time you're finished.
-Yeah.
If they haven't laminated it,
you're gonna get a solid piece of dough.
You're not gonna get
that beautiful filo pastry
which is what we're gonna be looking for.
Okay, let's cut a slice.
[Prue] Oh, that
looks beautiful. Thank you.
Who is really gonna come up
trumps in the tent? I have no idea.
Because this is complicated
I' gonna tell myself I can do it
because I have to,
because otherwise I'm going home
and I refuse to go home.
First step is for the filo pastry.
"Put the dry ingredients into a bowl,
then combine with wet ingredients."
Two eggs, vegetable oil,
some butter, and some white wine vinegar.
Full-fat Greek yogurt as well.
Greek yogurt.
[Giuseppe] There you go.
I suppose the yogurt is in there
because it's a Greek recipe.
-[Matt] Hello.
-[Giuseppe] Hey, Matt.
So, have you
made baklava before?
I have never made baklava
nor filo pastry before.
-[Matt] You haven't?
-It's a massive hassle.
Why would you? You just buy it.
-It's a what? A massive…
-Hassle.
-Oh, has…
-Hassle?
-Hassle.
Oh, my word. I genuinely thought
you said something else there.
A massive hassle.
-Please don't write in to complain.
-[emphasis on H] Hassle.
[Chigs] All right,
just got me hands in there.
[Crystelle] Right. Gonna knead
the hell out of this.
[Jürgen] I don't want to have
too much gluten in here.
Just enough that it holds together.
[panting] Now I'm out of breath.
I think you've invented, like,
a new dance move here.
-D'you think?
-Any other moves?
So, there's this one which is kind of…
It's called "the side shuffle".
And then, you've got, like, a little…
-The slam?
-The slam.
Yeah, I've got a good one, which is
"the taste" where you go like this.
[mimicking Paul]
"It's underproved."
I'm just doing it because other people
are doing it. Don't know what it does.
Well, it's gotta go
six equal balls now.
[Jürgen] Dough feels very soft.
It's pretty good.
"Roll out the balls of dough to a square
approximately 30 centimetres."
[Chigs] The key part of baklava is having
layers of really thin, crispy pastry.
[Crystelle] "Fold the top and bottom
into the centre, creating a rough square."
"Take each corner and fold
into the middle, dust with corn flour."
This is laminating
to create layers in filo.
[Noel] To create the multi layers
of flaky pastry Baklava is famous for…
[Lizzie] Corner to corner…
…the bakers must intricately fold
and roll the dough
in a process called lamination.
So, I'm taking the edges
to the centre.
Usually you create layers using fat.
But in this instance,
we're using cornflour.
[groans] I don't know
if this is right. Like that?
Great, and we'll do that six times now.
One, two, three, four.
[Chigs] Fold in the edges,
dust, now we're talking.
-[Jürgen] Last one.
-"Cover and rest."
So, I'm covering it
and resting it.
I'm measuring out
my pistachio kernels.
The filling needs to provide
that crunchy texture.
[Amanda] I might give them
a little haircut.
You're gonna mess this one up
like you did this morning?
-What? Hey!
-I-- Oh!
You're so bloody rude.
Hello. This is the talking cupcake
saying you are
halfway through the challenge.
I glued that there while you were asleep.
Oh, no, did you?
"To assemble, roll the dough into six
30-centimetre circles. Stack the tin."
Rolling it back out. Again.
[Chigs] All right. That's layer one.
[Crystelle] Right. Two of six.
[Lizzie] This is a bit of a dodgy layer.
Next is the filling.
[Chigs] You want a fair bit of filling.
I'm gonna be rolling out
the three discs,
cover it up, and then
proceed with the next steps.
Don't panic and follow the recipe.
[Chigs] Everything's done.
"Using the diagram provided,
cut the pastry into a star design."
Of course, the diagram is smaller.
How are you meant to do this?
[George] There must be
an easier way than this.
Pretty clear, isn't it?
It's actually scaled up.
This one is 20 centimetres wide.
This is 30 centimetres wide.
[Amanda] Oh,
he's just showing off. [chuckles]
Do I cut all the way through
or do I just put it on the top?
[Noel] Who are you talking to?
You talking to me?
-Are you talking to God?
-No. Do you think…
-Do I cut--
-"Do I cut this all the way through?"
-[Chigs] I'll cut all the way through.
-Go through the worktop
-into hell where Paul Hollywood lives.
-[laughing]
[Lizzie] Me pattern's gone mental.
Don't know what I'm doing anymore.
It's hurting me eyes to look at it,
so I'm just freestyling.
What is that?
There's too many lines for me.
Have I done it? Yeah, I've done it.
[sing-song] Go, go, go, go,
go, go, go, go, go, go!
[sighs] I'll have to eyeball it, innit?
I don't know how long pastry takes.
[Jürgen] Forty minutes baking.
This train is due to arrive
at the end of the challenge in 30 minutes.
-[sighs]
-I think I'm just going to rotate this.
Bit more butter. Looks like
it's drying out a little bit.
Just want to give it a little love.
[Giuseppe] Come on.
I don't suppose this is one of those
that you can test with a toothpick.
I think me timer's set for, like…
Oh, my God.
I didn't put the timer on.
Can't remember how long
it's been in the oven.
How long have we got left?
You have ten minutes left.
Looks done to me.
[sighs] What do I do?
[Lizzie] I'll go for it.
Checking out, I'm checking out.
[groans] It's a little bit anaemic.
[Jürgen] It has pretty much
the right colour.
Right. Baklava is soaked in syrup.
Syrupy. There we go.
[Crystelle] Syrup's going on. Yum.
[Lizzie] Ground pistachios.
So there's a diamond.
I'm gonna freehand it.
[Amanda] Oh, I'm not sure about this.
The patterns are not making sense to me.
It's just too much for me mind
to think of a template, to be honest.
Bakers, you have one minute left.
-[Crystelle] Come on.
-[Amanda] It's not coming off.
-Oop.
-Last little bit.
Rose petals.
[Crystelle] Shaking
like there was no tomorrow.
Come on.
[Amanda whispering] Come on.
-[Lizzie] Oh. It's so hot.
-Almost.
Bakers, your time is up.
-[Chigs] That was not pleasant.
-That seems really soggy.
Terrified.
[Matt] Paul and Prue are looking
for seven beautiful baklava
with striking layers
of laminated filo pastry.
But they have no idea whose is whose.
Shall we start here then, Prue?
The colour's quite nice.
-I quite like the colour.
-[Prue] The colour is lovely.
Let's see what it's like.
It's not that bad.
-You can see a bit of lamination.
-[Prue] A little bit there.
Mm. Really nice.
And if you saw that in a pastry shop,
-you'd buy it, wouldn't you?
-Mm.
Moving on.
-Quite a lot of pistachio.
-[Prue] Bit too much pistachio.
I want it to be more delicate,
like, "Oh, that'll do."
You can see the lamination on the top.
-[Prue] Yeah.
-[Paul] But you want it a little
darker in colour.
It needed longer in the oven.
[Prue] Mm, that's lovely flavour.
-[Paul] Okay.
-[Prue] This is nice and shiny.
[Paul] I do like the colour of this one.
And the cut is nice.
You have lamination there. See.
[Prue] Yeah. It's nice and crisp
on the bottom.
[Paul] The flavour's good.
Moving on.
-The design's quite nice on this.
-[Prue] Yeah, neat.
-But it's a little undercooked.
-It needs longer.
[Prue] And it's such a pity
cos there's lots and lots
of layers in there.
-[Paul] Yeah. Okay.
-[Prue] You can't really see the diamonds.
[Paul] You've lost all the shape
and all the cut.
It's a mess, the top of that is a mess.
-[Prue] This is deliberately to…
-[Paul] Mask it.
[chuckling] To mask the fact
that the pattern has been lost.
[Paul] Syrup's nice. There is lamination.
It's just quite doughy.
Needed longer. Moving on.
-[Prue] This is beautiful.
-[Paul] It's a nice design.
-[Prue] Very nice.
-[Paul] All the way around.
[Prue] It has got good lamination.
[Paul] It's got a nice colour. Yes.
It's got good lamination on the top.
Mm, a lovely crisp. Really good.
-[Paul] Mm. Last.
-[Prue] A little bit higgledy-piggledy.
[Paul] It's a bit all over the place,
isn't it? Where are the nuts?
Ah-ha, I had to cut in
to see where they were.
-[Prue] The layers are quite thick.
-[Paul] But the flavour's nice.
Delicious.
Okay, this is gonna be
very difficult judging.
[Noel] Paul and Prue
will now rank the baklava
from last to first place.
In seventh spot, we have this one.
Lizzie, it comes down to that little bit
of finesse that you need.
-I just haven't got finesse.
-You have.
[Prue chuckling]
In sixth spot, we have this one.
George, it's a little bit clumsy.
[Matt] Amanda is fifth,
Giuseppe fourth and Chigs is third.
In second place…
we have this one.
Oh, my God. [laughing]
Well, it looks absolutely beautiful.
Well done.
-[Paul] In first, we have…
-[all applauding]
Can't believe it.
[Paul] The diamond pattern
on the top is very good.
You've got a beautiful colour
all the way through.
-Well done, Jürgen.
-Thank you.
Smashed it again, mate. Well done.
[both laughing]
[Jürgen] What a day. Incredible.
Jürgenator seems to be back.
Oh, my God!
I'm in so much shock.
And you know what?
I really needed that today.
I've never been up there
in the Technicals.
So, feels quite wild.
[George] I could have done a lot better,
but I had a pretty good signature.
I'm not going to
write myself off just yet.
This rain pretty much symbolises
how my Technical went.
It was a disaster. Tomorrow,
I've just got to do the best I can.
[thunder rumbles]
[Noel] Just one challenge
remains in Pastry Week.
[Matt] It's quite wet out there.
The rain is pretty deafening,
but we're going to carry on.
-Of course.
-So far…
they've been pretty good, actually.
[Paul] You've got Chigs, Giuseppe,
you've got Jürgen
and you've got Crystelle.
You know, they're in the top four
for this week overall.
I think when it comes to the people
who struggled over the two challenges,
Amanda and Lizzie,
-those two…
-Is George in the middle?
I think he is in the middle again, yeah.
A remake
of Malcolm in the Middle over here
-called George in the Middle.
-[Noel] You know what, though?
It's not a bad place to be. Occasionally
someone does something and you almost cry
because it's overwhelmingly good.
-You're almost moved.
-Yes.
-Okay. We want one of those, guys.
-We want one of those today.
Hello, bakers. Welcome back to the tent.
Time for your Showstopper challenge.
Today, the judges would love you
to make an intricate terrine pie.
[Matt] In the grand old tradition
of French pâté en croûte,
the judges would like
your showstopping terrine pies
to have an ornate pastry decoration
on the outside…
And to reveal a neat pattern or design
when the pie is cut open.
[Noel] The fillings and flavours
are up to you.
Noel, what flavours would you use?
I think I'd make a hip-hop terrine pie.
It'd probably be Flavor Flav flavour.
I've just seen Flavor Flav's big clock,
and it seems you've got
four and a half hours
to complete your Showstopper challenge.
-On your marks…
-Get set…
Don't believe the hype and bake.
[Noel] The terrine pie
originated in France
and is typically packed with a meat pâté.
[Giuseppe] This is the perfect weather
for a warm pie.
All we need now is a nice glass of Port
and a fireplace.
This is one of my favourite challenges
because I get to cook.
I'm excited to make it.
I have got time on my hands.
We're looking for a highly
decorative terrine.
Now we're looking for a decoration
on the top and a beautiful pattern inside.
I have a little pattern.
It needs finesse today.
[Prue] The most obvious thing
that could go wrong
is they run out of time,
'cause when you bake it,
you then need a decent length of time
to cool it enough to cut it.
[Giuseppe] This will be a close call.
To get it cooled down and set.
Leaking and collapsing
are my biggest fears.
[Paul] You've got to set everything.
If it's cooler, whatever filling
they've got in
will tend to congeal and solidify
and allow that slice to fall
without falling to pieces.
Hi, Jürgen. What are you doing
for your terrine?
I'm making lunch in Freiberg.
Freiberg, my hometown, has a famous dish,
which is called Tafelspitz.
It's topside of beef with horseradish
and sauerkraut.
-Oh, lovely.
-Wow.
And all of that goes into my pie.
Can't go wrong with horseradish and beef.
[Matt] Jürgen's transforming
Freiberg's famous beef dish
into an ornate pie,
featuring a colourful square
running through the centre,
and a border of plaited pastry.
I must say it sounds absolutely delicious.
Could you get some German beer
ready for me as well, please?
Unfortunately, I didn't bring any.
[all laughing]
[Chigs] Starting to make
my hot water crust.
It's a lot of lard. No lard before Marbs.
[Noel] Hot water crust is a go-to pastry
when making savoury pies.
You have to put water into the fat
and flour to gelatinise it.
[Noel] The addition of hot water
gives the dough elasticity.
There's no danger of…
I don't really want to say this.
Of it cracking.
[Noel] But speed is of the essence.
[Crystelle] You have to work with it
while it's warm,
so it's kind of a race against time.
[Noel] The faster they work,
the more pliable the pastry.
[Chigs] I need to do this quick enough
to help it stay like Play-Doh.
[Noel] And if they can rush out
the rip-free shell…
[Chigs] Fridge.
…they'll have more time
to work on the filling.
And George isn't wasting any time
cracking on with his.
[George] This is
a Christmas dinner in a pie.
We've got sausage meat
need to roll it into bacon…
Erm, then I've got to do…
I've got a lot to do.
We should stop talking. One second.
[Noel] He's going all out
with his Christmas dinner pie.
The exterior will feature
a decorative pastry print,
the interior duck and turkey stuffing
and a giant bacon
and carrot-wrapped sausage.
[George] All right. Get in there.
This is my big, massive sausage.
I can't tell what's sausage
and what's hands.
I'll be honest with you. [laughing]
-That's why I love you.
-[George] You're out of order.
[Matt] Amanda's
also shaping a sausage.
I do love to make my food with love.
So, my sausage tube
is beautifully presented
with bacon, cherries and pistachios.
[Matt] She aims to showcase her love
of gourmet food with a pretty pâté pie
featuring her striking
chicken pâté sausage,
a floral decoration and pork pigs.
My sausage is done,
so I'm making my little piggies.
There's one.
[Noel] Lizzie's also aiming
to serve a feast for the eyes.
[Lizzie] I am making potato fishes.
It's going to be unusual.
I want to be the Heston
Blumenthal of the tent.
[Noel] She hopes to banish the memory
of her messy Technical
with a jaw-dropping Neptune pie.
The top features a flamboyant mermaid tail
and the centre, her novel potato fish.
You're not panicking today.
You seem a bit calmer.
No, I'm a lot calmer today.
I practised this a couple of times.
It was quite funny. It was like,
Where's Wally? but with the fish.
Everyone was like,
"Have I found the fish yet?"
So, then, I was like,
"You're just meant to be able to see it."
[chuckles]
[Matt] Animal designs are proving
a popular choice in the tent.
I've decided to decorate it as an owl,
'cause it's my wife's favourite animal.
Erm, and she's been incredibly
supportive in all of this
when she's a much better baker than I am.
[Matt] Giuseppe hopes his wife Laura
will love both the owl and the interior,
which will include
three colourful fillings,
a circle of beef, spinach,
and smoked mozzarella.
-Lovely finger action you've got.
-[chuckles]
I know.
Do you think
this is good enough for my wife?
-Yeah, perfect.
-Thank you.
[Noel] Giuseppe might want
to wow his wife,
but Crystelle is out
to impress her entire family.
Today's bake is dedicated to my late
great grandmother called Lily Nana.
It's a curry. I learned how
to make it from my mum.
Do you know what? This is for me,
I think, my most sentimental bake.
Erm…
It's a family thing.
So for me, it's just…
I really want to do my family proud
with this recipe.
[Noel] An ode to her
late great grandmother,
the pie will be shaped to mimic
Lily Nana's Kenyan cottage,
layered with two of her home recipes,
potato curry
and a Goan chicken pickle curry,
but with a high liquid content,
Crystelle's risking a runny pie.
[Crystelle] Getting a curry,
which is usually just dumped on a plate,
in a rectangular pie, was tricky.
[Paul] Is it going to remain
fairly stable?
-Don't want to cut in and it floods out.
-If it's a really good curry,
as it cools, it will get solid.
-[Paul] Set slightly.
-[Crystelle] Exactly that.
[Paul] Well, good luck.
This sounds amazing.
-Oh, thank you.
-I'd quite like to move in.
I'd move straight into that.
-I hope it turns out okay.
-Thank you.
[Crystelle] Don't want chicken curry
splashing all over you.
[Matt] Crystelle might be concerned
her curry's too moist.
[George] Why is it so stiff?
[Matt] But George's giant
sausage is rock hard.
[whispering] Guys, it's a bit frozen.
Typical. Disaster.
[normally] Put it in the freezer,
I forgot about it.
I can't give Prue and Paul
food poisoning.
[rapidly] Bakers,
you have three hours left.
[normally] When I said,
"Quick, let's do a time call,"
I didn't mean let's do
a time call really quickly.
But I liked it.
Feeling a bit overwhelmed.
I think I may leave it five minutes.
[Matt] While George
worries about his sausage,
the rest of the bakers
can begin the build.
The last thing you want is a soggy bottom,
so I'm using ham to stop any liquid.
[Matt] Stopping a soggy bottom
is just the start.
Paul and Prue are expecting
a beautiful interior.
[Lizzie] Potato fishes…
The fish is going to be
like floating in the pattern.
[Matt] Each slice crammed
with mouth-watering ingredients.
Right, do it for Lily Nana.
Goan cuisine is going in.
Lots of different flavours.
[Matt] But Chigs has
just one thing on his mind.
In here, I've got some pork shoulder,
pork neck. This is a pork fest.
Chigs' Leicester Pork Pie.
[laughing]
[Matt] He's honouring
his home county, Leicestershire,
famed for the Melton Mowbray Pork Pie.
The centre will be enhanced
with a smattering of colour,
the top, a lattice decoration.
[Chigs] Leicestershire
is renowned for pork pies.
So, hope I do them proud. [chuckles]
[Lizzie] Okay, decoration.
This is the fastest I'm ever gonna work.
I'm hoping to bake soon.
I've made chimneys for the steam.
Now, a crucial moment.
Okay. Come on, Crystelle.
[Lizzie] Please work.
[Chigs] Trying to figure out
how long to bake,
'cause got to give
enough time to cool it down.
-[Noel] Now, timing is critical.
-[timers beeping]
On top of baking,
the bakers must also factor in chilling.
It's a balancing act 'cause I want
the whole thing fully cooked.
Also, I'm gonna need
a long cooling time after the baking
because I need
to make sure that the inside is set
and it doesn't collapse.
[Noel] A good bake will count for nothing
if the pie falls apart.
[Chigs] I've got two hours left.
I need 40 minutes
to whack it in the fridge,
so hopefully, it'll be done in 80 minutes.
Oh, fingers crossed.
[Noel] But George needs
more than luck to fix his time-keeping.
The sausage is in, but I'm late.
All right.
Just rolling decorations on top.
Come on, come on, come on. Freakin' out.
[Noel] And he isn't
the only baker who's fallen behind.
[Amanda] I probably spent a bit more time
on decorating than I do normally.
It's my favourite bit, decorating.
I like to make things look nice.
Do you know what?
My husband gets a bit impatient
because I want to decorate,
and he just wants to eat the pie.
"Get the pie in the oven!"
[George] Jesus. Now look what I've done.
Think I was a bit heavy with the egg wash.
[scoffs]
Don't have time for this.
I need to move now.
[Amanda] Done.
Why is it already leaking?
It hasn't even gone in the oven.
[Matt] Leaking or not…
[Crystelle] Just making all my decoration.
I am worried about the pie, though.
…all the bakers can do now is wait.
You ain't leaking!
Your dough's not leaking.
-It is leaking, can't you smell it?
-[Chigs] No.
This is getting stressful.
I should have brought a book. [chuckles]
[Matt] George, what do you normally do
while you're waiting
for something to bake?
What about your dancing?
What dancing?
-Tell Matt.
-Oh, do you do Greek dancing?
No. Amanda.
-We'll do it with you.
-I'm not doing it.
-Just a bit worried about my pie.
-[Matt] Come on, George.
-She's the teacher. She knows it.
-What is it?
Go on, Amanda.
-Right, teach Matt so we can--
-Right.
-Yeah…
-[all humming Greek music]
Stop. I'm gonna do a wee in a minute.
Flippin' heck. It's broken.
It's because
I was a bit heavy with the egg wash.
It's just kind of weighed it down.
[Matt] George now
has a huge decision to make.
Should I fix the pie?
[whispering] What the hell do I do?
[normally] Shut the door.
Shut the door. Shut the door.
[Matt] If he leaves his pie in the oven,
the top could fall apart.
But if he takes it out to repair it,
he'll lose vital baking time.
What to do?
All right. Taking it out.
Feel out of my depth.
This is pressure, man.
Come on, George.
Come on, man. Come on.
Need some leafage to cover up the areas
that look messed up.
[Noel] While George's pie
heads back into the oven,
the others…
Come on, come on.
…are coming out.
[Crystelle] Go, go, go.
[Noel] But the wait
to unmould isn't over just yet.
The pies must
head to the freezer to cool down.
[Chigs] Done.
[Giuseppe] Now, the filling
needs to set to avoid collapse.
It needs to chill very, very quickly.
Now I'm nervous. [chuckles]
[Noel] George and Amanda
have a lot more to worry about.
[Amanda] Mine's got ages.
Never gonna get that
cool enough to turn out.
[Noel] They will have no choice
but to unmould molten pies
at risk of a full-scale collapse.
Do you know what I wanna do?
Can I do this?
That's better.
-Is that so they can't film it?
-[George] No, it's so I can't see it.
-Oh. [chuckles]
-Do you know what?
Once I take it out the tin,
I'm sure it'll be a leaking mess in there.
[thunder rumbles]
Quick announcement
from Paul Hollywood in balloon form.
[Matt mimicking Paul]
Bakers, you've got a half-hour left.
Getting it out.
Good God, why is this so bloody tense?
[Matt] The cold pies
are finally ready to unmould.
Let's go, let's go. Let's get it done.
[Matt] But for George and Amanda,
the agonising wait continues.
I think I'm gonna give it
a little bit longer. Couple more minutes.
[Giuseppe] Right. Demoulding it.
Hopefully no soggy bottoms.
And hopefully
no collapsing terrines, either.
Crunch time.
Yes. Phew!
-[Jürgen] Good.
-[Lizzie] Amazing.
[sighs, whispers] Come on.
[Crystelle] Oh, no, no, no.
There was a bit of a crack on the back.
[Chigs] Mine's cracked as well.
Layers are cracking everywhere.
Oh, look.
It's leaked.
[chuckles] That's some serious leakage.
All right. Taking it out.
[timer beeps]
[gasps, splutters]
Come on, George.
Getting it straight in that freezer.
[Chigs] Amanda,
mine's leaking a hell of a lot. Look.
What's wrong with you? It looks perfect.
-Look at the leaks.
-So?
Bakers, ten minutes left.
-[George] It's in.
-[Chigs] Monumental leak there.
This needs a bloody dam.
[Amanda] Because
the juice is still very hot,
it might just all pour out.
I feel like everybody's
waiting for my pie to fall apart.
How do you get this thing off?
It's still hot. This is dangerous.
[sighs]
Jesus. Leaking.
Soggy bottom.
[Amanda] Praying it's okay.
Fingers crossed.
No pressure.
Ah! Oh, it collapsed.
[clicks tongue] Oh, no.
[Chigs] Oh, no. Want a hand, Amanda?
Yes, please. It's gone.
It's come off.
-Oh.
-[Amanda] It's not good.
The pie's stuck on the top.
All right, mate.
Tell me what you want me to do.
Uh, push that back in.
Just stick the knife under there
so I can get the thing back on.
-This is hot, Amanda.
-Sorry.
[Chigs] Go on, there you go. Oh, oh, oh.
-Are they gonna fix that?
-I can't watch.
I know, it's too stressful.
-[Amanda] Quick.
-[Chigs] Don't move it, don't move it.
You'll tear it all up.
Do it slowly.
That's it, that's it.
[Amanda] Hold fire.
[George] I'm not gonna attempt
to take it out the bottom tray,
risking the whole thing to collapse.
Do you know what?
That's better.
It's all kind of breaking apart,
which is really sad.
Erm, but I'm just hoping,
if I could just cover all the cracks,
I might be safe.
[Chigs] I'm gonna lift it.
[exclaiming]
-Ouch! Ouch!
-[Chigs] Slide it underneath. One, two.
Oh, it's all collapsing.
Gotta get this off.
-[Chigs] Oh, no.
-Now it's proper broken.
Panicking now. It's a mess.
I can't watch.
All right, let's lift it
off the bottom tin.
-[Amanda] Quick.
-[Chigs] Hold on a second.
There's a lip there, you're gonna tear it.
-Guys, be careful.
-I've left mine on.
-You've left it on?
-Yeah.
[Amanda] I don't think
it makes any difference now. Ahh!
Juice everywhere, isn't there?
Oh, no.
Bakers, you have one minute left.
Oh, I've got a minute?
Repair, repair, repair.
It's like watching open heart surgery.
[chuckles] It is.
Which side should I put the pigs on?
-[Chigs laughs] This side!
-This side. The good side.
Quick, pigs, pigs. Stuck, stuck, stuck.
[George] It's gonna hold my pie.
[Chigs] A bit of fat.
Bakers, your time is up.
-[Lizzie sighs and laughs]
-[sighs] Well done.
[chuckles]
[Lizzie] Well done for getting it out.
What a disaster.
[Chigs] Sorry, babe.
-It's okay.
-I couldn't do anything else.
It's fine. It's not your fault.
I feel your pain, Amanda.
This is messed up.
[Matt] It's judgement time
for the decorative terrine pies.
Lizzie, would you like
to bring out your Showstopper?
Well, it's certainly unusual-looking.
It's very bold. I love the design.
[Paul] I like the fish.
The scales look great.
Let's have a look inside, shall we?
Held together,
and there's the fish going through there.
[Prue] Yeah, little fish.
[Paul] You've nearly got that spot on.
I love that.
Your pastry's too thick,
but I quite like the flavour.
I think it's remarkable
the spinach and the fish
are not overcooked,
because they've been
in there a long time.
Thanks.
It's a really perfect owl, isn't it?
[in high-pitched voice] Ow, don't hurt me!
[Prue chuckles]
[Paul] The design is fantastic.
[Prue] Good pastry.
It's firm enough, erm, but it's crumbly.
The cheese and all the flavours
blends well with the beef.
It looks very professional.
It's very Giuseppe.
[Prue] It's excellent, Giuseppe.
The pastry, you've cracked it slightly,
handling it out the tin.
Juice was leaking out of there.
[Prue] Looks lovely.
You get apricot, you get gherkin.
I think all the flavours work well.
[Paul] But the design
is pretty uninspiring.
[Chigs chuckles]
That's a big deal for me, that was.
[Prue] I love the vine leaves.
Aw, look at that.
-[Paul] I think it's beautiful.
-[Prue] Really beautifully done.
I think the pastry tastes delicious.
But the beef, it's gone very, very dry.
It is a bit too dry,
but you get away with it
because you've got the horseradish.
[Paul] Thank you, Jürgen.
What happened?
[Amanda] I should have
really got it in the oven earlier
so it had time to cool down.
But when I took out the side of it,
one side came away.
[Paul] Oh, right, okay.
[Prue] That's very good looking.
It's very pretty.
It's bone dry.
Your seasoning is pretty strong.
There's so many things going on
in your mouth you try to identify,
but there's just a mix
of a lot of different things.
But I do like the paté.
For me, the paté is the one thing
that is a bit too strong.
[Paul] Thank you, Amanda.
It's quite dramatic.
I like the two-tone pastry.
But it's under-baked
and it's collapsed down.
Yeah, I got it in the oven late,
which is unfortunate.
My tray's under there, Paul.
-All right.
-It was too hot to handle.
[Paul] Nice interior.
Hmm.
Mm.
That sausage, mate…
I question whether it's cooked. [chuckles]
I probed it three times, Paul.
-You did?
-Ninety-two in the centre.
Right, okay.
-[Prue] It is a bit mushy.
-It's very mushy, yeah.
It's a pity because the bacon,
that is delicious.
That's a shame, that, George.
Thank you.
Such a beautiful cottage.
And I love all the little flowers
and the way you've decorated them
and had time to paint them.
Aw, look at that.
[Paul] Wow.
[Noel] That looks so cool.
The colour layers are lovely.
You've separated them with sweet potato.
-Yeah.
-[Prue] I love that.
Have you seen this here?
No.
Oh, my God!
-Well done.
-[all applauding]
[Paul] That… that curry,
the way you've
broken it down into sections…
And each one, for me, the spice blend,
the hot water crust pastry, the design…
-I absolutely agree.
-Fantastic.
It's brave to make curry pie.
It's a witty, it's charming,
and often, things that are
witty and charming
are not also absolutely delicious.
And you've got the pastry perfectly.
Spot on.
-Really good.
-Well done.
[Crystelle] Thank you so much.
[Matt] A handshake
on a showstopper? That's very rare.
Oh, my God.
[Crystelle] I'm just in so much shock.
I was like, "Something's gone wrong,"
then out came his hand and I just died.
I literally died.
Erm, so maybe I'm a ghost.
Maybe that's why I feel weird.
[George] They complimented the design,
which was good.
I'm trying to focus on the positive,
but I do feel like I'm in danger.
[Amanda] It is what it is.
Someone has to go home, and if it's
my time to go, then it's my time to go.
[Matt] We should pay tribute
to these bakers
because the standard has been
so good this week.
Then coming into today,
we were talking about Amanda and Lizzie
in a little bit of trouble,
but the person
who did well out of this was Lizzie,
-because I think she saved herself.
-[Noel] Mm.
To the detriment of George.
George and Amanda
are in a little bit of trouble.
George, today,
I wasn't happy at all with that.
So, Star Baker is…
I think Star Baker is
either Giuseppe or Crystelle.
She really smashed it.
You gave her a handshake.
I know. I don't like giving handshakes.
I know…
-It hurts you, doesn't it?
-It does.
[Paul] Ultimately, that deserved it.
-It was a bit of magic.
-[Paul] It was. Very clever.
But I think Giuseppe
has done really well as well.
It looked amazing.
I loved his meat, though…
[laughing]
Are you talking about Giuseppe's meat?
'Cause I looked down just as I said it.
That's what it was.
-We're all friends here.
-I know.
Well done, bakers, on another week.
It's not easy to find a Star Baker,
but the judges have done it.
This week's Star Baker is…
Crystelle!
[contestants clapping]
Thank you. God.
Oh, that means I've got the horrible job
of announcing the person who's leaving us.
This gets tougher,
it does get tougher every week,
and this has been an amazing week.
But the person who is
leaving us this week is…
Amanda.
-Ah.
-Thank you.
It's okay, you're all right.
-[Noel] Is it all right?
-I knew it was me. You kept looking at me.
[Amanda] I mean, you gotta go sometime,
haven't you?
I didn't think, when I got here,
I'd get that far
after seeing all the other bakers,
but I've had such a good time.
[George] We'll miss you.
You'll be all right.
I'll see you in a few weeks.
[Amanda] You know what?
I came here to have a good time.
It's a little bit stressful here,
but it's a kind of fun stress.
Perhaps if I didn't talk so much
I might've got a bit further.
But I enjoyed it,
so I'm glad I did what I did.
[Crystelle] Oh, God…
I'm in utter shock. My name was going
over and over in my head.
I was preparing myself, and I was just
saying, "George, George, George."
And then they called Amanda
and I could not believe it.
This has given me a big push
to fight for my place.
-That pie…
-[squealing]
[Paul] I don't often give out
handshakes in showstoppers,
but Crystelle deserved it.
It was perfection in my eyes.
-[Chanelle] Hello.
-Hi, Chanelle. Is everyone there?
[Chanelle] Yeah.
I got Star Baker!
[women screaming over phone]
[speaking indistinctly over phone]
-[Chanelle over phone] What do you mean?
-And guys…
Guys, guys, Paul gave me
a handshake in the showstopper.
[women exclaiming
and speaking indistinctly over phone]
[Crystelle] Oh, God.
And people wonder why I'm loud.
[laughs]
[closing theme playing]